It was a dark and gloomy morning,
but my husband
and my daughter took their bicycles
and went out to care for their Bible studies.
That evening, around 5:00 p.m.,
I was waiting for them to return,
but instead,
I received a message
that my husband had died
in an accident.
That night,
I really wanted to receive comfort,
but because of the bad weather,
I couldn’t tell others about the accident.
That evening, my two daughters and I
tried to look for strength and comfort
by reading our organization’s publications.
Unexpectedly,
even despite the bad weather,
three of our brothers and sisters
visited our home.
They rode their motorbikes
over two hours through the heavy rain.
At around midnight,
seven more brothers
and sisters from our small group
came to our house by foot.
It took them an hour and a half
to walk barefoot through the rain and mud
in the dark to reach us.
Our family was strengthened
by the brothers’
and sisters’ visit that night.
Because our village was very superstitious,
I worried that the death of my husband
would bring reproach to Jehovah’s name,
so I prayed about this matter to Jehovah.
The next day,
many more brothers and sisters
from our neighboring congregations
visited our family.
Rather than reproach,
the love of the brothers brought
glory and praise to Jehovah’s name.
Thanks to the love and support
that our brothers and sisters showed us,
my oldest daughter
is currently serving at Bethel
and my younger daughter
is happily serving Jehovah with me.
In the new world,
I would like to tell my husband
of the unfailing love the brothers
and sisters have shown our family
and how I trained our daughters
to continue to progress spiritually
to the best of my ability
with their help.
One elder said to me,
“We are more than happy to assist
with your material needs.”
Although I have become a widow,
such kindness helped me
to overcome my despair
and renew my hope.
The love of our brothers and sisters
enabled our family to endure this tragedy.